hi how's it going it's mr. games are us
here right now I'm playing good old
wrestling here we go WWE 12 and let's
get the business here let's do some
wrestling it's wrestle and it's my first
time playing this game let's see what
happens good times now loading press
tare button I'm saving I've saved data
cool Randy or in okay let's do a match
here one on one normal match mm you to
be oops I guess I've to select to the
controller first so here we go where's
Christian oh there he is I'm going to be
Christian and I'll take on Justin
Gabriel practice match let's see who
wins this bad boy
christian vs. Justin Gabriel at the
Royal Rumble nice santino marella
Christian has some epic entrance music
pretty cool stuff
oh yeah Toronto Ontario kids
taking his time
hey guys we do it on
throwing into the break
okay that's enough of that let's see
Justin Gabriel's entrance
coolness
and his opponent from to town south
africa christian he's ready to rumble in
the Royal Rumble bring it Justin Gabriel
oh yeah it's go time actually it's
loading time but it's go time here we go
as the bell rings remember whoa back up
anyone will walk out and see that Kevin
Ware's intact ouch ouch whoa that
rigorously painful move to the spine oh
oh oh all right oh yeah Oh what we doing
here with over to that KP snappy he's
tapping it's over Kristen widget already
Christian wins nice
wow I'm a beast
the other side
all right crucian anyways I'm mr. Gabe's
r us and that's my practice match all
right good jobs just close your eyes
it's over
you